Lauraluj87: Go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. Okay, so go find a spot somewhere that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Take your time. I'll pull up a note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make a note, rather
Lauraluj87: Important
Lauraluj87: Guys, call me again. Ah.
Lauraluj87: You scary.
Lauraluj87: couldn't understand a word. He was saying. But he called me before times
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad's calling you.
Lauraluj87: Know this guy's I don't know who the bikinis. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure, a friend of a friend of a, of an old dealers someone checking on me food or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right heart.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh oh
Lauraluj87: Okay, not, not from my heart from the hospital like from history, but he's all. I don't know. He was like, Oh, hi, I'm calling from the Lord. We want and like I don't know when am I can hear someone I just kind of see my chicken.
Lauraluj87: But like I knew like really
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, instead of having to say
Gwenevere Abriel: I need you to face me so I can. I want to be able to hear you, you know, instead of doing that, you just kind of get pissed and brush them off.
Lauraluj87: Right, yeah. So I'm kind of like, you know, because, because again, I can't see him. So I'm like, you know, he thought data model month. What can you speak up, please. I'm like, I can't hear you and
Lauraluj87: He's like, No, totally being compliant as a human being, you know what I mean, like, He's not moving at all. And I'm just kind of like, okay, why can't I can hear you. I don't know what you want me to do.
Lauraluj87: You like to call you back. I'm like, Yeah, that might help you
Lauraluj87: Remember,
Gwenevere Abriel: If I ever run into that that little attitude right there. I'll check in and I'll say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying. I'll say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, that'll probably that's probably what it is like if I, if you ever remember treating. Yeah. It's that it's that I can't hear you. And I got my screen. If I can
Yeah.
Lauraluj87: I know it's not you know it's me.
Lauraluj87: So of course, naturally, but naturally. You know, I became me my instinct and blame you for everything. So, you know,
Lauraluj87: But it's totally my fault. You're saying
Lauraluj87: So, so
Lauraluj87: You're ahead of time and
Gwenevere Abriel: Remind me. Um, was this help. I can't remember what health was what was help
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoot. Yes.
Lauraluj87: Yay. Yeah.
Lauraluj87: So funny you like you are good at what I mean like doing it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm all right what is today. Today is it's been a minute. Where you and I have not connected on individual
Gwenevere Abriel: You were outside the hospital and really proud of you for doing that. I know that wasn't an easy thing to do to jump online with me coming straight out of the hospital. So thank you for. Hmm.
Lauraluj87: It was worth it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I'm noticing you look like you have an energy that's kind of a little closer to normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus last night you looked distressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Whenever
Lauraluj87: I i log excited. I figured I might as well get ready for, you know, put on a decent shirt and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk a little bit about yesterday because I want to understand the signs I want I made up a story, right, because I didn't know what was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the story I made up and you can obviously correct me. Please do. But the story I made up on my head was I'm thinking that that Laura is in a little bit of withdrawal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think she probably wasn't getting the regular dose of the buprenorphine. I thought that. And then I also thought, I wonder, she's having a thought like, Well, I don't even dig opiates my deal is mass and I don't even know if I'm allowed to talk about that right now. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm in an
Gwenevere Abriel: In an environment that I can't even be myself and I like because your environment, your home environment is just like
Lauraluj87: Um, well, here's my thing. So whenever I did that video okay not video with service a he has to do before group, whatever. Yeah, so I knew that. Okay, and then video I saw
Lauraluj87: That you don't get in trouble if you relapse. Is that correct,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. That's
Lauraluj87: All I could tell you
Lauraluj87: I wouldn't cry.
Lauraluj87: Like you wouldn't go and, you know, important my hair right away. Okay.
Lauraluj87: Would you
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's talk about what trouble is, so, um, let me reassure you first. This is a treatment program clients relapse. Now, you all you call a
Gwenevere Abriel: Alas for lunch.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I caught
Lauraluj87: A second we have to be, you know,
Lauraluj87: Yeah. Yeah, pretty much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very but sometimes a full relapse happens. I have people that that have left me for a few months, and are coming back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So full relapses happened to or it's a what I'll call a slip. They sound different. So I'm going to keep them really slip and relapse sound really different. So that might be kind of useful for us. So, yeah.
Lauraluj87: I think it's more useful to do it that way and then the other way because I just found me too. And I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. So, um, so, the question has to do have will I get in trouble because then you're unlikely to tell me if you think you're going to get in trouble you're unlikely to say the truth be told, I did. I tried to hydro or I had some some math or I did align a Coke.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so then, your question is probably to me. Are you going to go and let my pee. Oh no, I'm it
Gwenevere Abriel: I've never done that, number one, I don't know if that helps. I've never done that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if I say to you, I never will. That would be a mistake, because I don't know how it how self destructive, you would be
Lauraluj87: I see what you're saying. So it wasn't turned to my mental health, like if I was doing it to like, you know, go already or something. Yeah, you might want to, you know, mention that you like. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to look at a sample of what basically all of my participations look letters look like and then you'll go, oh, this is what she would communicate to my PO. Do you want to look at it.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, kinda. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me show you what a sample looks like and then you'll get you'll get more reassured.
Lauraluj87: When I
Gwenevere Abriel: Do have yeah it's a little different. I have some people in a drug court where the reporting the accountability is higher. And so those drug screens every single one and self reports, there's more reporting going on but that's
Lauraluj87: Really, the thing is, I have to call me money. So I got no room for, you know what I mean. I gotta call me morning and saying, you know, you would you not custody. My dad about coming. You're saying
Lauraluj87: You're saying, I'm just warning you. I know you're
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think I heard that part of something like, I think I'm getting drug tested on a regular basis. I get called in randomly. I think you said that
Lauraluj87: Yeah. Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Right.
But talking
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, I like that level.
Lauraluj87: You okay
Lauraluj87: Are you okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me give
Gwenevere Abriel: An example here.
Lauraluj87: At that time I should go to prepare
Gwenevere Abriel: Like that. That's nice.
Lauraluj87: Just curiosity.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, yeah. How many years.
Gwenevere Abriel: 12 going on 13 think
Let
Gwenevere Abriel: Me see
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me open this up to participation. I know it looks like I'm not doing anything but I'm looking for a document.
Lauraluj87: I know
I know
Lauraluj87: Tell me later to get my
Gwenevere Abriel: Now is this worth it. Let's, let's, we're going to address this and this, this should really help. I'm thinking, this will help
Gwenevere Abriel: Well just taking participation part this
Lauraluj87: Know I get I have to call every morning for drug testing a lot of time.
Lauraluj87: And it says, you know, do, do, do not test today or whatever yesterday.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how what you're wanting is, I think, to find out hey can I be open and honest with you, or is it just going to result in it, messing with my probation.
Lauraluj87: It's not kind of the right BRENDA Yeah, once again, I can't really say I fucked up. But I do what I did. I kind of whirling because I had to call the morning so there's no room.
Lauraluj87: So I didn't do anything. You know, wasn't like I haven't gotten in trouble because it was, it would have been covered, but like
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be. You might be saying to yourself, Hey Gwen's gonna believe this. There's no way I could possibly use in between. But I want you to know, after having worked in felony drug court for 14 years
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, of course you can use in between did i'm not i'm not a fool. Like, I know it looked like one but
Gwenevere Abriel: I've learned
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys when it comes to addictive behavior, it's smarter than me, you will come up with a way, if you're hell bent on finding a way to get high. You will outsmart me now it'll self destruct. And it's only harming you but
Lauraluj87: Just don't happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But just so you know. I know I look like a fool, and you can fool me you can but don't think that I think I'm like as if the daily drug testing as if you can't work around it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, my clients can work around it.
Lauraluj87: Do you have any
Lauraluj87: You really wanting point is like, I'm not trying to fool you. I'm just trying to I'm trying to tell you, but like I just don't want you to like I don't know you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, I won't get mad and you don't. Right. We don't have this sort of long term trust yet where I don't get I don't ever get mad at my clients, all I may look like it to you guys because I'm
Lauraluj87: I'm, I'm not. You're getting mad at me earlier and group.
Lauraluj87: To be honest with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, I wasn't so you've heard of like that sort of resting bitch face. I think I have one of those. So if I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm not smiling, then I kind of look
Gwenevere Abriel: look angry with my resting face.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So I'm not. I'm just relaxing because smiling does take it takes a lot of smiling all day long. You know, eight, nine clients a day. It's a lot. It's a lot of smiling.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what's important is that you're telling me, and you can always say, hey, are you mad at me or I'm feeling like you're judging me. Are you mad at me. Are you right now.
Lauraluj87: I'm having your
Lauraluj87: Own rental. Well, that's the thing. It's like currently what it comes down to one whether or not you're going to go on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I, yeah, I hear you so that we're going to get into that now. So I do have the report. I'm just taking out another clients name right now. Okay. It's in front of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have Dr up real. Okay, so this is an example of 99.9%. This is exactly what they look like. And I'm gonna share the screen with you. Okay. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So in general, they would look like this. Miss or P. O. Whatever's oftentimes I write it right to the person. So it might be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, probation or
Lauraluj87: As any quarter over
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so this letter is to notify you that, you know, Miss Laura blue hat on remains enrolled in bright heart health outpatient program for him. He assisted treatment that's medication assisted
Therapy.
Lauraluj87: Since for admission and either
Gwenevere Abriel: I would put the right date.
Lauraluj87: Mr.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mrs so and so has consistently engaged in individual, group therapy as well as effectively communicate for medication.
Gwenevere Abriel: During weekly schedule medication management services with such and such.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it, it doesn't talk about
Lauraluj87: Anything that particular group or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no. I am probably the one of the most conservative people as far as disclosures go, I can't say Dr brielle isn't quite as conservative as I am. That's not kind of her role.
Gwenevere Abriel: She doesn't see the difference between what said an individual therapy even something you say in here. I'm not going to bring into group. I'm going to ask you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that something you know hey we talked about something and you mentioned that you wanted to bring it into group. Do you want to bring it in. Now I'm not going to say, hey, we talked about your participation letter.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are afraid. I would go tell your PO like I won't say
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't say anything that said in here in group.
Lauraluj87: Is we talked about it further and I said it was okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it, but even then I will say it'll look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura, you asked me to remind you in group today that you wanted to bring a topic in. Do you want to share it or would you like me to, what would you like to do. I'm still going to be getting consent consent consent consent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Most of my clients abused, neglected, I asked consent. I'm not going to take a chance the trust is too important in our relationship and in the healing process. I'm not, I'm not gonna, I'm not going to take a chance
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's how I roll.
Lauraluj87: So,
Lauraluj87: Number know we were in group work number and like you guys
Lauraluj87: haven't given medication or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: We were talking about medication and there were certain picking it up and not picking it up. And I think there was a concern that maybe you weren't picking up your medicine.
Lauraluj87: Right. Well, I had a medicine. Okay, I had two trips or whatever wall I came over here finally give me more front on the bike or whatever. So I came over here. Finally, and this was sons, and then I have like a half a strip of maybe
Lauraluj87: And my mom saw that I was going through withdrawals. Okay. And she was like, you know, what do you withdrawing from this and that. And I said, Well, technically, you know nothing. You know, I had the sub but you know I have. I'm working in the hospital. You know what I mean.
Lauraluj87: And so she thought it was a good idea to
Lauraluj87: You know, just helped me out until
Gwenevere Abriel: What did she give you
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you're gonna be
Lauraluj87: Nothing to just help me out. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, why don't I guess. Did she give you a benzodiazepine like a Xanax or out of him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so I'm guessing correctly. I'm a good guesser on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that was code that was code for I can't talk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Body.
Lauraluj87: So that's what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I so she helped me out and step mom gave me was it added in on as a PM, or we think. So if you hear the word was it sound effect.
Lauraluj87: For one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so clonazepam maybe or
Gwenevere Abriel: Our finance of him. Okay, that's actually, that's a good one. It metabolizes quickly. That's good.
Lauraluj87: So it gets out of this kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: It is a depressant, which means that lowers the heart rate and and the respiratory breathing. So when you also have an opiate and then you have to depressants definitely don't want to be taking those at the same time, because you could die.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Lauraluj87: We have been treated and I've been an awesome, awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so what's key is you don't want to be taking two depressants. At the same time, we don't want to be doing heroin percocet oxy and a benzodiazepine. Those are your ad Yvan Xanax clonazepam Pam all the Pam's
Gwenevere Abriel: Pam. Pam. Pam, most of your Danny's
Lauraluj87: Well, I have, I think, Lexapro on a weekly basis.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're okay on the Lexapro.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Lauraluj87: Today is Monday or
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so on Sunday. Do you want me to guess the milligrams. It was it one milligram on Sunday five milligrams
One.
Gwenevere Abriel: On Sunday, so one milligram on Sunday. Were there any milligrams taken on
Gwenevere Abriel: Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Lauraluj87: Now I'm at that point, I was like, pragmatic level one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So is it feeling better, like, okay, I see I can, I can talk about
Lauraluj87: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, well, why don't we keep doing that. Then, and let's really check in, because your drug of choice. Your go to is a stimulant you you like the math, so how how far back, has it been since you've even had any even residual on a pipe, just anything
Lauraluj87: That gets thought of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, actually ingesting it
Lauraluj87: When I first got out. I had like
Lauraluj87: Half a shot, but that was it. And then
Lauraluj87: And then I after I stopped because I realized that if I can only then it would, you know, I mean, am I, what am I, it was my fault. I cannot wait, no one has done all this
Lauraluj87: And I'm like, well, what's really
Lauraluj87: Come on, like, you're not gonna, you're not under
Lauraluj87: Planner like literally on a platter in front of me and know who you're nothing yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about, give me your boyfriend's name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, Kyle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kyle so
Lauraluj87: Let's get to know it's my fault it was my fault. I'm on the told me to do it. I told him to do it because I didn't want and doing it in a bathroom and waiting for me. I'd rather hundreds in front of
Lauraluj87: Me and I'm saying that
Gwenevere Abriel: I just want to get to know you and Kyle's relationship, a little bit because our relationships are important, right, the relationships step moms important the relationship with having to live with it.
Lauraluj87: For about a year and a half. I played this game with him, where I wouldn't, you know,
Lauraluj87: Views in a week and then tell him. Okay, I'm not wasting any more than I did. And go leave someone else.
Lauraluj87: And then, you know, that was kind of like him for about a year and a half. And then finally, you know, I realized that he should regard, I can't do it anymore. I left.
Lauraluj87: And then after like six months and I, you know, want to go hustle do my own to the game and then I finally got arrested. This was in June last year.
Lauraluj87: And I realized, you know, sitting in jail saw on the course of their free trial. So I told myself that if I ever came back in the room now and you know that, you know, not
Lauraluj87: To be with him. So in August. I went back to him and I said, You know, I'm trying to do only young only guys. I mean, you know, we can wrap me to come back and I have been faithful to him ever since. Like I hadn't left him. I've been nice. I like ever since until I got arrested in June.
Lauraluj87: So,
Lauraluj87: Unless I run a little warm
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And I remember, I can see my notes known him for five years, then together on and off for one and a half. I got serious nice nine months ago. He has been in love with me for three years.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I have some notes from that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to ask you about some of the basic changes that most people, and you'll come to know this on your own. I'll, I'll say it, but she probably won't believe me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll have to kind of come to it on your own timing, but I'll say it anyway, just because the frequency broken record does work for some people.
Gwenevere Abriel: When I say change people, places and things
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to roll your eyes. Do you want to be like, Oh, that's so stupid. I've heard it a million times, or do you are you starting to see that if you don't change the people, the places you're hanging out with the things you used to do.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I might go back to old patterns.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and it's not because it has nothing to do with willpower that word. Actually, I'll never I'll never use it in part of our treatment together. It'll never be brought up because it's not a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where once we used to think it was this willpower thing. Now we have neuroscience to explain
Gwenevere Abriel: Why all the sudden I had this smell. I didn't even know I had a smell, and all of a sudden I want to use and I can't get this thought out of my head, right. So this is not willpower. This is because you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Synapses you have neuronal connections.
Gwenevere Abriel: They were fire together, which means you were wearing something listening something seeing something sitting somewhere feeling something and you used, and all of those thousands of connections in your brain millions probably have connections.
Gwenevere Abriel: At some point they're going to fire again.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to call it a craving and you're going to say, oh, what's wrong with me. I've been clean for so long. What's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to go to jail. Why am I thinking about is using. And I'm going to say is, you had a trigger you ran across one maybe not one that you even know because it may have been a sense how often are we aware of what we're smelling at any given time in the day, like what
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not paying attention to that you might right because you're because you have some challenge with hearing. I bet your senses are even more heightened in other areas. That's pretty
Lauraluj87: One sentence.
Lauraluj87: I couldn't like to touch with them on it. Honestly I can't, I can't smell. I can't hear. Okay. Here capsule can see I work on that. I can't see every other sentence I like touches like
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tactile that's really going to be important for me to know because you and I are going to do probably down the line will do some will do grounding in the five senses. Well, I'll go over that technique.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I already taught you the belly breathing, but it's important because now I know that's going to be a go to that will be really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like if you're experiencing distress, you know, let's say you're going to have to talk to the judge or something like that. You really want to stay centered and not not be freaking out. You might be some would keep an object in their pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you would be feeling it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you have that dual awareness and you'd be feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: He'd be feeling that on your thumb and really paying attention to this. And then you could get out of that kind of negative thinking that could end up being something you and I do down the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, very cool. So when I say change people, places and things which one seems the hardest for you to do. Would you say
Lauraluj87: People. People.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And is that because you're living with
Gwenevere Abriel: People or
Lauraluj87: No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Well, okay, my cell phone right now. Actually, I like what's on my act like she she has a missing forward and she has
Lauraluj87: She has
Lauraluj87: Two years. Okay, so technically what she does like she has reasons for everything. She does. She's been annex for 25 years or more, like, you know what I mean, like, and she only pick one. So technically, she's not she's not that she never got
Lauraluj87: My hand up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your dad does
Lauraluj87: Yeah, and with all
Lauraluj87: That
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Lauraluj87: She was the worst thing that can kill you.
Lauraluj87: Whenever you know
Lauraluj87: Whenever you're withdrawing from home. They can both
Gwenevere Abriel: You ever had a seizure that you've seen
Lauraluj87: No, I read off on a multiple times one thing for whatever mean like knowing and Joe whenever he goes to call the cops. I'm like,
Lauraluj87: But because I can go do if he goes to do. And she didn't
Lauraluj87: Because if he if he gets put in jail. I'm going right back to them, right. That's because I got really seen as
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so here's my question, I think you're there, because you don't have a stable grandmother or aren't right. Right. And so you're sort of stuck with this scenario.
Lauraluj87: So tell me, somebody that looks
Lauraluj87: good on paper.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know we all know I want to know what you're doing to survive staying the night there how your how you're doing it. I'm
Lauraluj87: Talking to my boyfriend.
Lauraluj87: My home putting stress on him kind of
Okay.
Lauraluj87: I mean, he might escape. One early like he keeps me going.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, for example, is there a lock on your door. Does that help at all. Can you lock them.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, Trisha, Trisha locks the door. But like I said, I mean her shirt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, sharing the room. And how did that come about. Did you ask for that.
Lauraluj87: Her name's turtle. But yeah, but it be to be known stairs, because I was sleeping downstairs for a while and not being home, but I don't like you know my dad fucking come down through the roof for five minutes and bothered me so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so good. That's better. Even though Teresa's not ideal. At least there's this sense
Lauraluj87: Better walk out or like
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have you noticed
Gwenevere Abriel: Any change in stomach problems, any kind of issues because you're back in that home with him.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, that's what's going on my side started like really bad and good lost my son.
Lauraluj87: And then some painful and I'm like, like my Rican my needy about yesterday and like I know like put a British on it because
Lauraluj87: I'm
Lauraluj87: Sure being feeling like, like, like, even when I took a stripper yesterday i can i don't know i medication. You know what I mean I don't take a shower yesterday and I like it made me feel better, but like, it was kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. So do you want to discuss
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can do it in group, you can do it in what's called a breakout meeting with the doctor, you can say, hey, I'd like to meet with you for a few minutes in a breakout meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: She sends this little electronic message you just move into another zoom room with her talk with her and then come back to group, you can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And in there, you may want to consider talking to her that maybe that dose that you're on, it might be too high, you might say, hey, this is I'm still
Lauraluj87: Not sleeping.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will admit, I know, but it does mess with your sleep. You think it wouldn't, but it does messes with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm just saying, you may want to talk with her a little bit about that because if it's sleep, then it's things like, Oh, I can take quantity and right before I go to sleep, or maybe she'll talk to you about Sarah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe she'll talk to you about docs a pen or Galpin so if you stay talking with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what your concerns are there might be other medications that she could explore and make sure you tell him also taking Lexapro, make sure that they're not contract indicated
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want to consider doing that or scheduling an appointment with her, just to discuss that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So people
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the biggest challenge. So, ah,
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get up and get out of there, usually by now you'd be gone. You'd be gone by.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, but lately. Yeah. The men like that. Give me my boyfriend, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to talk a little bit about what you guys are arguing over
Lauraluj87: Me and Me and my son monkey angels
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on. He's jealous of Teresa.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about
Lauraluj87: Nothing. You just seems like it like
Lauraluj87: You can, you know, kind of your stuff like last night. I mean, we're talking over. And I said, Well, you know, I'll be over there. Morning, take care, because he is really bad. So I told him, I said, Okay, well don't know grab over here.
Lauraluj87: On our okay anyways let's walk over there and, you know, I'll just take your you like I have this
Lauraluj87: Money on I'll put on your back. It'll be fine. You know, I mean, like, I'll just, I'll take care of you come down like I'll give you a coconut water do you find
Lauraluj87: And he was like, well, you know, even even bothering you so much. I think you just kind of step mom and you know she could fix it. Like, oh god.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I do
Gwenevere Abriel: He likes
Gwenevere Abriel: She likes the role with you a hero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants to be the hero.
Lauraluj87: But I never let him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you do a little I lean on him all the time. I call him, he likes. He likes that role. And so now it's threatened because right Teresa's taking that on. I'll talk
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll talk to you about the drama triangle and a little bit. Not today really kind of want to zero in on more skills, just for a minute. Want to add one more. We did the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you remember the belly breathing. Did I
Lauraluj87: Do yesterday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did it bring your heart rate down
Lauraluj87: A little bit because like I like actually you know that they're not like, Okay, calm down. And I was like,
Lauraluj87: Well, I can't hold it in. You know what I mean, like a lot of going on. And I felt like all like the stress that I had, like, my response to him was, OK, I will
Lauraluj87: If you, if you're going to act like that. And I'm not going to give you the satisfaction of the argument that you want. You know what I mean, you're gonna be like, oh, maybe I'm not going to do
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Lauraluj87: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I want to do one more clarification. I just watched you do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Lauraluj87: I know but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me see you do it then come on girl. Let me see you do the inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, don't move the shoulders and only thing. Notice I'm not moving. Just the tummy. Watch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Inhale, just have that belly pooch out. The only thing that goes out. Look, my shoulders don't vote.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see how about you know I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull desk down. Let me just
Gwenevere Abriel: Put a little pressure. Okay, here we go. How about how about now.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's my inhale, watch my inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice my shoulders.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hands come out.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard because I watched you earlier. And I know you were animating it to be kind of cutesy about it, but this
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what we always did. And yes, that goes with. Hey, take a deep breath and chill and I get that. But remember, I'm wanting that that Vegas nerve to get activated, that is going to signal up to the brain. You're safe that heart rate that demand for oxygen can go down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then guess what that blood can go to the prefrontal cortex, it can get back into your fingers and your feet, they won't be cold anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So that might seem crazy that I keep focusing on that belly, but it can make a difference. So whatever benefit you're already getting is going to get even better when you do this, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just now. Did you feel the difference versus
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Versus, this would look. This doesn't even move and I was cracking on Dr. Real yesterday. She's like,
Gwenevere Abriel: That. And I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I know what I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Science. Okay. So anyway, that's the key. I'm really glad, first of all, that you remembering it though. That's really cool. I want to teach you another one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just, you can always interrupt me if I've already taught it to you or you don't want to refresh, or just let me know. But these two things, the belly breathing and the grounding and the five senses are things that I grounding in the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are really cool. I'm going to teach it to you and then I'm going to do it with you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to teach it, and then I'm going to do it with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to teach it, and then do it with you. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you saw that poster. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way it's written it's five things you see four things you feel three things you hear two things you smell. One thing you taste. I don't do it that way. I do as many things.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I can see but it's only data coming through my eyes. It's not a name. It's not lizard. It's metal shiny black angles um dots hands, arms triangle line flat bumpy shiny gray words, did you hear those
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good. So they're adjectives. They're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Self West lizard magnet. You know, I don't say that not labels. I want to get as many adjectives, as I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to do one with you. I mean, I ask you to do as many things as you can that are coming from what you see color, shape angles blighting words as much as you can from just from your eyes, not a label. It's not rock. It's gray shiny rough BLACK, PURPLE, you see that it's not block.
Gwenevere Abriel: You okay
Lauraluj87: Yeah, I'm just looking around. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm gonna give you one I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to give you what I got to
Lauraluj87: Wait, I'm like, I don't know how to describe it.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No Labels only adjectives descriptions. Here we go. You ready, here it goes. And I got a good one for you.
Lauraluj87: Okay, so that's pink, orange, blue
Lauraluj87: disfigured
Lauraluj87: bumping smooth, a little bit. Um,
Lauraluj87: I'm rejecting heart right
Lauraluj87: Um, I don't know creased
Lauraluj87: Uh huh. Smooth bear
Lauraluj87: Um,
Lauraluj87: Let's call like
Lauraluj87: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Lauraluj87: Wind.
Lauraluj87: Line rigidity. I'm Chris
Lauraluj87: Don't know.
Lauraluj87: And what does it feel like a plastic or is that like apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not doing tactile
Not yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah girl you drifted only you'll see why, at the end, I'm doing it so rigidly you'll see at the end. Keep going.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm all
Lauraluj87: Mm hmm. I'm soft or not soft but like, um,
Lauraluj87: I guess bumpy
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Lauraluj87: I'm
Lauraluj87: Okay. Hello young
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe hollow something like
Gwenevere Abriel: That like it looked like a hollow kind of thing. Beautiful. All right, now, now you get to do tactile so take your right hand and put it on something. Um, how about your
Gwenevere Abriel: What you got,
Lauraluj87: Hello. I don't know. Let me grab this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, how about you do it on your bracelet feel feel your bracelets.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Put it in your right hand, right hand only
Gwenevere Abriel: And so now describe what you feel.
Lauraluj87: Bumps I'm
Lauraluj87: Engineering
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperature.
Lauraluj87: Metal cold.
Haha
Lauraluj87: Maybe
Lauraluj87: Of course,
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Lauraluj87: Um,
Lauraluj87: Plastic
Gwenevere Abriel: Bottles plastic like it doesn't feel solid, right, it feels kind of like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, keep going, white light guy.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are some of them different from another. And so your fingers move to one that has some ridges to it, maybe
Lauraluj87: Yeah ridges on I just
Lauraluj87: Don't know. Um, okay. And I said three and
Gwenevere Abriel: Now. Now close your eyes and just see, it's about what you do here, see what you can hear just sitting here, it could be a humming sound a buzzing sound. A rumbling sound.
Lauraluj87: Does a journal. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay so refrigerator went
Lauraluj87: Out on my who needs but
Lauraluj87: I can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what about, do you hear any crippling from
Gwenevere Abriel: Coming from the zoom Tele
Gwenevere Abriel: Conference anything coming through, they're
Lauraluj87: Not really. Didn't you
Gwenevere Abriel: Write you can hear my voice. So we got a little voice coming through there. I'm
Lauraluj87: Like I said, the refrigerator.
Lauraluj87: I don't know how in the morning it on them and your name. Don't ask me, but
Lauraluj87: Miracle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that now now to know that out and see if you can catch a smell even one. What would you say is in their
Lauraluj87: Air
Gwenevere Abriel: Do do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: All your close up to your nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think
Lauraluj87: Plastic for the bracelet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Good call. Good. And now one thing that's a taste, see what's in your mouth.
Lauraluj87: I don't know my lipstick clinch with chopsticks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that lipstick is it does it have a flavor to it. Is it better.
Lauraluj87: Kind of describe them will just tastes like mango chopsticks. I got car, my friend.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I got it any leftover coffee subs juice toothpaste.
Anything.
Lauraluj87: New. Yes, I was.
Lauraluj87: Good girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm going to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you notice, while you were doing this activity that you are working very hard to give me what I was asking for. Did you notice your mind was very fast on that.
Lauraluj87: That's not about female
Gwenevere Abriel: But did you notice you were working very hard to give me those adjectives.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did your mind drift off into 100 different places.
Lauraluj87: Or were you like, oh,
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like really joining
Lauraluj87: Me, I should try and get
Gwenevere Abriel: Now guess what
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still
Gwenevere Abriel: On supervision still living with that still trouble with boyfriend, all those things still existed. What you did was move from a part of the brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: A neural network and you moved it you focus all your attention on something novel novel means new
Gwenevere Abriel: The mind loves new things. It will catch new like what was that notice it's like, Oh, what was that the brain wants something new. He loves it. Like what system. What does that say, what does that
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, Okay, what's distinctive to Denton, okay. So it wants to know what that is, it's like, Oh, hey. So immediately is going to zero in on it. So we take advantage of that and we say all right brain listen here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're freaking me out in this whole thing like I'm feeling sad and scared and angry and all of these things over here and I'm going to use thought stopping and say thank you. You've kept me alive so far. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're kind of stressing me out. So I'm going to do grounding in the five senses and I'm going to get one object. And I'm going to look at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to just focus on it. Oh, it's black. It's rigid. It's gray. It's shiny sparkle smooth sparkle glossy while laminated flat.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm going to feel it. I'm going to do grounding in the five senses to get out of that neural network. I'm going to focus my brain on something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Yeah.
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Lauraluj87: Are you okay
Lauraluj87: Continue.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're learning something new that's going to take all your attention when you literally focus on five things you see
Gwenevere Abriel: as many things as you can hear, as many things as you can taste or smell.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to get your mind out of the negative neural network. This may seem really oversimplified, but it works. It's the reason why
Gwenevere Abriel: You might call your boyfriend. And you might say, I want to be distracted. I don't want to think about this anymore. Let's talk about something else. It's the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get my mind off of it and you since we now know that tactile is an important one.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might want to have a lot of little things like I have this little bowl and I have. I've got lots of little things. I've got lots of little stuff that I use in case I wanna, I want to get out in my head, or of course I'm teaching this all day long to but
Gwenevere Abriel: Also, especially this one. See how is this got little crystals in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It hurts out
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can really get into this one. It's very rough
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's got a lot of visual and a lot of sensation. So when you're about to go to court or you're going to have a conversation with someone difficult
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be something I could keep
Gwenevere Abriel: I can keep this in my pocket.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right. In pocket right in here, and I could be. I could feel that in my pocket. This almost hurts. See how sharp that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, look how there's so much going on. There's all these little bumps in here. And then there's I can play with this. It's like a Fidget
Gwenevere Abriel: What kind of things going, I can be. And it can get out of my head. What that's going to do it's going to lower
Gwenevere Abriel: And lower the heart rate, which is what we want, because then the rest of our brain is working. I can remember. Other things that I can do to get through a difficult moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you think of a time when you might use grounding in the five senses. Can you think of a time when you would use that
Lauraluj87: Thank you say going to court. Maybe you've had a few um once. Actually, no, but I guess you're talking about feel like I just talked to him earlier and I don't doesn't trust me.
Lauraluj87: I'm going to end well. So why, you know, I mean, like, I don't know if that makes any sense or not, but I'm regardless. I'm
Lauraluj87: Like there's not any stress and not feel like like my dad was a call you. Okay, you know, how's your people, you know, are you okay talking to you. I'm like, Yeah, right. Like you just a person like all he wants to see me succeed and get on. I mean,
Lauraluj87: There's no stress.
Gwenevere Abriel: When, could you use it, I'm want this so
Gwenevere Abriel: My god, yes. There we go. That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, if you know you're going to have to talk to him right you can stay in your body and not dissociate staying your body, not having to kind of leave your body
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get all that deeper work another time, but this will help you stay stay in here. Oh, I'm going to focus on how my feet feel in my shoe.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel the bumps. I'm feeling the weight. It's kind of squishy here on the left, I notice all my weights mostly on my left.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was mostly on my heel. Now it's going back and forth. I can get back in here and then out of my fear my threat response up here. I'm not focused on my gut turning. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can have a positive experience. I can survive this. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're at a crummy situation. I'm not gonna lie. I wish I could get you out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is, this would be this would be one that would keep you in your body so that you can think straight. Okay. Because I don't want you just associating where you're leaving your body
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because right, you're going to need to stay sort of in a relaxed vigilance.
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed how you're like, are you okay. Everything okay like you're you're you're alert you're staying alert and I want you to continue to have that this will keep you sharp without having you be. And what's a threat response okay for the hardest racing and you can't think straight
Gwenevere Abriel: To keep you in your body. So I definitely think having some you have your bracelets right there. You could easily just just be twiddling with them.
Lauraluj87: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah now also tell you the right side of my body is run by my left hemisphere, the left hemisphere is whereby logic is and
Gwenevere Abriel: Language. So if I'm feeling emotionally activated, like let's say I'm having a really big stress response. I can also put this object in my right hand. That's why I had to put it in your right hand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's going to activate this left side of the brain, the right one is typically where all those big emotions are being processed and I kind of want to get you out of there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to get you over into sort of language and be able to say, oh, I'm scared. Oh, I'm afraid. Oh, I'm angry. I want you over here on the left side in those in those moments.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can also go to if you're in a really big stress response. You can go over to the fridge. Get an ice cube and your right hand and just pay attention to the how that feels in a really, really bad way. Go get a piece of ice and hold it in your right hand and feel it. It's cold.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder how long it will take before it melts. I can feel it in my index finger. I can feel it moving here. I can feel it here. Oh, I can feel it in my hand now. Oh, I can feel the drip, drip,
Gwenevere Abriel: Start to breathe again. Well, I just remember, once I did this. Then I remembered my breath. It's like, oh yeah, I'm okay. I'm in my body. I'm okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of cooling. Yeah, that's a great one that comes out of Dialectical Behavioral Therapy from DDT. Good stuff. All right, let's schedule another appointment for next week. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Use my pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: You definitely want to know things about me and my married house and apartment.
Lauraluj87: I do. Well, I know, I know you're not supposed to talk about yourself, but you can tell me that. Like, come on.
Lauraluj87: Well, we
Gwenevere Abriel: Will make a deal if you can tell me why it's important to you, then I'll do it.
Lauraluj87: Because I want to know more about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will that do for you will
Lauraluj87: Develop, trust me, maybe I don't make you feel better.
Lauraluj87: Then I will like you're not just on a camera.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I know I feel uncomfortable with it because I don't share with people, but I'll give you a
Lauraluj87: Question. If I then come on
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. This is a house. This is my office. My office in here. So if you were here, you'd be seated on this couch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah and there's no pictures. There's not much in here. Notice there's not much for you to kind of focus on is there.
Lauraluj87: Yeah, like with with Dr. A real office. Like there's all kinds of summer. My friend went there was like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, for me it's all about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I hopefully will earn your trust in different ways so that you're not distracted with having to take care of me. I don't ever want you to feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to take care of me or have any kind of bias because I do, or I don't have this or do I don't have that. Did it help to know I'm in a house, and this is my home office didn't help.
Lauraluj87: Yeah you did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's take a look at scheduling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next week, I might get something in my hair looks like next week. I've got challenges here. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to group at seven on Tuesday really phone number.
Lauraluj87: I said five one already.
Lauraluj87: And then I said, if I want. So we're going to all 10 promise.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your i o p is on Wednesday and Thursday.
Lauraluj87: Low Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, but I got you got cancelled for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, OK. OK, so how about we meet
Lauraluj87: The Federal if we can pick it up or something when you want me
Gwenevere Abriel: To what to 10 on April 23
Lauraluj87: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah do
Gwenevere Abriel: You tend
Lauraluj87: To count me. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can remember to practice grounding in the five senses. How many things am I, what am I seeing I'm looking at one thing I'm going to try and describe as much as I can about this one thing I'm going to describe it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to focus on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get your mind off of something negative. What am I here. What do I smell. What do I feel
Gwenevere Abriel: And just focus their own don't let your mind drift off to imagined relationships and
Gwenevere Abriel: I shoulda coulda woulda none of that. Just do grounding in the five senses, you're going to see that it's going to bring down the intensity of whatever distress you were in, it's going to bring that down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's what we want. This is a coping skill. It's a great one. And for you, tactile
Lauraluj87: Read
Gwenevere Abriel: really being able to have have some little thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I remember to breathe. I had this big, right, that first one went up here saw that and then I'm like, oh yeah, I gotta do it lower but that's how I remembered it. I got back in my body. I get out of my head, and I got back in my body. I could feel it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, my dear. You need me a message or Dr. Judy me to say anything about medication or do you have enough to get to Tuesday.
Lauraluj87: Was good to you do
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Yeah, I'll see you then.